What's going on?
Most of the general managers just got on the phone from Li company saying that the design drawings even the most standard quantity calculation is not up to standard.
It will work.
Guo tung has just decayed the other one doesn't know why the road surface began to collapse large areas.
The real food sector is also starting to collapse.
What are you doing standing there today?
Go fix it.
If there is a problem with the answer, fix it quickly.
Now you still have time.
Speed must be fast.
But my most important documentary project wasn't done by us.
If we should change
This is not what you guys do, this is what you encountered when you left before.
What do we say?
Thank you.
Listen to me explain.
Now the project has been forced to destroy the man's explanation
Why don't you redesign it?
The first priority is the river crossing.
Now if the bridge collapses and there are casualties, we're dead.
Okay.
Why do you think there is also a problem?
It's because it's too much.
Do you have any fucking chatter?
Keep going, his family's original load-bearing competition has a problem.
Change to middle-aged Pham
This design only focuses on appearance.
Does not take into account the actual load and structure
We have responded to this issue.
But it's not enough.
Say we don't understand you.
General Manager Jiang, now our design has been rejected.
The bidding fair has already started to lean towards Hengtai's design.
What should we do, General Director Jiang?
How do I know?
But if this continues
Our children's children.
Hello general manager January
What the hell is your related collection doing?
Director General's fee, don't worry.
Bully, I voted for you.
Punish me, right?
Yes, you who are related can still stand in Jiangcheng.
I'm just like you.